feat(github): Add the possibility to link a Milestone (#27343)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

Add to this object if you wish to define rules that apply only to major updates.

## milestone

> If set to an existing and `open` milestone, the milestone will be added to the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to an existing and `open` milestone, the milestone will be added to the PR.
This will only be done once on PR creation.
```

I know users will be confused in future why PR's are not updated after config change 😉

Add to this object if you wish to define rules that apply only to major updates.

## milestone

> If set to the number of an existing milestone, the milestone will be added to the PR.
> This will only be done once on PR creation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set to the number of an existing milestone, Renovate will add that milestone to its PR.
Renovate will only add a milestone when it _creates_ the PR.
```

> For example:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```json

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```json title="Example Renovate config"
```
